[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = XLIFF

[core-bundle.v4_4-countries]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/countries.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/countries.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-default]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/default.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/default.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-exception]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/exception.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/exception.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-explain]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/explain.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/explain.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-languages]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/languages.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/languages.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-modules]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/modules.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/modules.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_article]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_article.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_article.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_content]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_content.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_content.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_files]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_files.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_files.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_form]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_form.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_form.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_form_field]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_form_field.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_form_field.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_image_size]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_image_size.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_image_size.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_image_size_item]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_image_size_item.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_image_size_item.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_layout]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_layout.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_layout.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_log]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_log.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_log.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_maintenance]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_maintenance.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_maintenance.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_member]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_member.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_member.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_member_group]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_member_group.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_member_group.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_module]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_module.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_module.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_page]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_page.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_page.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_settings]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_settings.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_settings.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_style]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_style.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_style.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_style_sheet]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_style_sheet.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_style_sheet.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_templates]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_templates.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_templates.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_theme]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_theme.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_theme.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_undo]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_undo.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_undo.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_user]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_user.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_user.xlf

[core-bundle.v4_4-tl_user_group]
source_file = src/Resources/contao/languages/en/tl_user_group.xlf
source_lang = en
file_filter = src/Resources/contao/languages/<lang>/tl_user_group.xlf
